# About Cinemax

Cinemax is owned and crafted by Bikathi Martin(Github:
[bikathi](https://www.github.com/bikathi)), under the **Apache 2.0** license,
for the sake of learning Nuxt3 along with M-PESA integration. With time, hosting
may be provided, so that all my enjoy this amazing technology.

Feel free to access the Open Source code on the project's Github
[here](https://github.com/bikathi/cinemax) and provide suggestions, fixes and
ideas any day of the week.

# Cinemax Privacy Statement

> Last updated: July 2nd, 2023

## Terms and Conditions

### 1. Acceptance of Terms

By accessing and using this Application ("App"), you accept and agree to be
bound by the terms and provision of this agreement. If you do not agree to abide
by the above, please do not use this service.

### 2. Intellectual Property

The App and all its original content, features, and functionality are owned by
Cinemax in conjunction with related parties, and are protected by international
copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or
proprietary rights laws.

### 3. Limitation of Liability

Cinemax makes no guarantees, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and
negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties
or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

### 4. Accuracy of Information

The information provided by the App is based on a general understanding of
entertainment concepts and is not tailored to your specific circumstances. It is
not intended as legal advice, and should not be taken as such.

## Privacy Policy

### 1. Personal Information Collection

We may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways, including
when you visit our App, register on the App, or in connection with other
activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our App.

### 2. Personal Information Usage

The information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience
and respond to your individual needs, improve our App, and improve customer
service.

### 3. Personal Information Protection

We implement a variety of security measures to safeguard your personal
information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally
identifiable information to outside parties.

### 4. Cookies

Our App may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. Your web browser places
cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track
information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies,
or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
